Bits AI SRE doc updates (#30783)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/bits_ai/bits_ai_sre/investigate_alerts.md

{{% collapse-content title="Slack" level="h5" expanded=false id="slack" %}}
1. Ensure the [Datadog Slack app][7] is installed in your workspace.
1. Go to [**Bits AI** > **Settings** > **Integrations**][9] and connect your Slack workspace. 
1. Go to a monitor. Under **Configure notifications and automations**, add the `@slack-{channel-name}` handle to send results to Slack.
{{% /collapse-content %}}
{{% collapse-content title="Case Management" level="h5" expanded=false id="case-management" %}}
In the **Configure notifications and automations** section, add the `@case-{project-name}` handle.
{{% /collapse-content %}}

### Configure knowledge base integrations

Bits integrates with Confluence to find relevant documentation and runbooks to support its investigations, and also allows you to interact with your Confluence content directly through chat. 
1. Connect your Confluence Cloud account by following the instructions in our [Confluence integration tile][13].

> 1. Optionally enable account crawling to make Confluence a data source within Bits’ chat interface. This is not required for Bits to utilize Confluence when generating its investigation plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, enable account crawling to make Confluence a data source within Bits' chat interface. This is not required for Bits to use Confluence when generating its investigation plan.
```
